hi this is Beth with one two three home
school for me sharing another fun idea
for home schoolers parents and teachers
to make learning fun today I wanted to
show you my free LEGO DUPLO alphabet
maps and you can get these sheets free
on my blog again it's one two three home
school for me calm so first you need to
print them off I suggest color but they
certainly will work in black and white
so then what I like to do with them is I
stick them in a pouch a laminator pouch
and then you just stick them right
through here and they come out all ready
to use just like this one and I do them
front and back just to save on laminator
pouches cuz they goes can edit
so here's what you have you just need
this with some duplo's this activity is
perfect for toddlers you want to go
ahead and show them how to do with so
toddlers and preschoolers and even
kindergartners can use this activity to
learn to build alphabet letters it's
just a fun hands-on way for them to
practice you can do it different ways
you could do it just in one color the
other thing you could do is instead of
using the exact blocks as shown you
could try to have them do it only with
single blocks instead of the double
blocks and use it as a way to teach them
some math concepts of how many blocks
one does a one single block make need to
make a double block do you need more
single blocks or double blocks you know
simple concepts like that but that will
help you to be able to start grasping it
good job sweetie and we've got the
letter A
alright then for preschoolers or
kindergartners who are ready for the
next level we're going to show you what
else you can do with them my daughter's
made the letter D over here and then go
ahead sweetie she's going to show you
how at the bottom of each of them are
these places to trace so it shows very
clearly for kids what order they're
supposed to trace them in and then
because they're dry-erase you can use
dry erase markers on the laminator
sheets and then they wipe right off
can you reuse these and do them over and
over again with same children different
children in your classroom or just
different kids in your feeling
so again this is another easy way for
you to make learning fun in your home or
in your class and again you'll find this
resource with many others at one to
three home school for me calm